Rename Raytracing node to Raytracing quality node + update documentation (#1479)
Unity-Technologies/Graphics: com.unity.render-pipelines.high-definition/Documentation~/SGNode-Raytracing-Quality.md

# Raytracing Quality Node

> The Raytracing Quality Node allows you to provide a fast implementation of your Shader Graph to be use in GPU heavy raytraced effect to tradeoff accuracy for speed: [Ray-Traced Reflections](Ray-Traced-Reflections.md), [Ray-Traced-Global-Illumination](Ray-Traced-Global-Illumination.md) and [Ray-Traced-Subsurface-Scattering](Ray-Traced-Subsurface-Scattering.md).

Reviewer: The Raytracing Quality Node allows you to provide a fast implementation of your Shader Graph to use in GPU heavy ray-traced effects to tradeoff accuracy for speed. The GPU heavy effects are:
* [Ray-Traced Reflections](Ray-Traced-Reflections.md).
* [Ray-Traced-Global-Illumination](Ray-Traced-Global-Illumination.md).
* [Ray-Traced-Subsurface-Scattering](Ray-Traced-Subsurface-Scattering.md).

## Setup

> The Raytracing Quality Node is a builtin keyword and thus need to be created in the Dashboard **Keyword -> Raytracing Quality** of the shader graph then drag and dropped in the working area.

Reviewer: The Raytracing Quality Node represents a built-in keyword which means, to create one:
1. In the [Blackboard](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.shadergraph@latest/index.html?subfolder=/manual/Blackboard.html), click the plus (\**+**) button.
2. Select **Keyword > Raytracing Quality**. This creates the keyword and makes it visible on the Blackboard.
3. Now, to use the keyword in your graph, drag it from the Blackboard into the workspace..

![](Images/RaytracingQualityNode.png)

## Ports

| Name          | Direction | Type           | Description                                                  |
| :------------ | :-------- | :------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **default**   | Input     | Vector4        | Sets the value to use for the normal shader graph. This is the default path use to render this shader graph. |

Reviewer: The value to use for the normal Shader Graph. This is the default path Unity uses to render this Shader Graph.

> | **optimized** | Input     | Vector4        | Sets the value to use for the fast shader graph to use with the GPU heavy raytraced effect.|

Reviewer: The value to use for the fast Shader Graph to use with the GPU-intensitve ray-traced effects.

> # Raytracing Quality Node
> 
> The Raytracing Quality Node allows you to provide a fast implementation of your Shader Graph to use in GPU-intensive ray-traced effects to tradeoff accuracy for speed. The GPU-intensive effects are:
> * [Ray-Traced Reflections](Ray-Traced-Reflections.md).
> * [Ray-Traced-Global-Illumination](Ray-Traced-Global-Illumination.md).
> * [Ray-Traced-Subsurface-Scattering](Ray-Traced-Subsurface-Scattering.md).
> 
> ## Setup
> 
> The Raytracing Quality Node represents a built-in keyword which means, to create one:
> 1. In the \[Blackboard](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.shadergraph@latest/index.html?subfolder=/manual/Blackboard.html), click the plus (\**+**) button.
> 2. Select **Keyword > Raytracing Quality**. This creates the keyword and makes it visible on the Blackboard.
> 3. Now, to use the keyword in your graph, drag it from the Blackboard into the workspace.
> 
> ![](Images/RaytracingQualityNode.png)
> 
> ## Ports
> 
> | Name          | Direction | Type           | Description                                                  |
> | :------------ | :-------- | :------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
> | **default**   | Input     | Vector4        | The value to use for the normal Shader Graph. This is the default path Unity uses to render this Shader Graph. |
> | **optimized** | Input     | Vector4        | The value to use for the fast Shader Graph to use with the GPU-intensive ray-traced effects.|
> | **output**    | Output    | Vector4        | Outputs is the value which will be selected based on the context this shader graph is used. |

Reviewer 2: Suggesting to change the phrasing of these docs to avoid confusion, as it's actually a keyword. 

```suggestion
# Raytracing Quality Keyword

The Raytracing Quality Keyword allows you to provide a fast implementation of your Shader Graph to use in GPU-intensive ray-traced effects to tradeoff accuracy for speed. The GPU-intensive effects are:
* [Ray-Traced Reflections](Ray-Traced-Reflections.md).
* [Ray-Traced-Global-Illumination](Ray-Traced-Global-Illumination.md).
* [Ray-Traced-Subsurface-Scattering](Ray-Traced-Subsurface-Scattering.md).

## Adding the Raytracing Quality Keyword

The Raytracing Quality Keyword is a [Built-in Keyword](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.shadergraph@latest/index.html?subfolder=/manual/Keywords.html#built-in-keywords). 
To add the Raytracing  Quality Keyword to the graph: 
1. In the \[Blackboard](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.shadergraph@latest/index.html?subfolder=/manual/Blackboard.html), click the plus (\**+**) button.
2. Select **Keyword > Raytracing Quality**. This creates the keyword and makes it visible on the Blackboard.

## Using the Raytracing Quality Keyword

To use this keyword in the graph, create a [Keyword Node](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.shadergraph@latest/index.html?subfolder=/manual/Keyword-Node.html) by dragging the Raytracing Quality Keyword from the Blackboard to the graph or opening the Create Node Menu and searching for **Raytracing Quality** .

![](Images/RaytracingQualityNode.png)

### Available Ports 

| Name          | Direction | Type           | Description                                                  |
| :------------ | :-------- | :------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| **default**   | Input     | Vector4        | The value to use for the normal Shader Graph. This is the default path Unity uses to render this Shader Graph. |
| **optimized** | Input     | Vector4        | The value to use for the fast Shader Graph to use with the GPU-intensive ray-traced effects.|
| **output**    | Output    | Vector4        | Outputs is the value which will be selected based on the context this shader graph is used. |
```
